The game will be the card game Blackjack, played via user input in a terminal.

To-Do:
    - add what happens if player gets blackjack (21 at start)
    - should the dealer play even if the user busts?
    - add insurance option?
    - add double functionality after a split

compare_to_dealer logic:
    if split:
        You win both hands if:
            !- dealer busts AND you don't
            !- both your sums are greater than the dealer's AND you don't bust

        You lose both hands if:
            !- both hands bust
            !- both sums are less than dealer's AND dealer doesn't bust
            !- one hand busts AND the other is less than dealer's AND dealer doesn't bust
        
        You lose one hand if:
            !- one hand busts AND the other doesn't AND dealer busts
            !- one hand busts AND the other sums greater than dealer AND dealer doesn't bust
            !- one sum is less than dealer AND one is greater than dealer AND dealer doesn't bust AND you don't bust

    DON'T FORGET WHAT HAPPENS IF ONE OR BOTH HANDS ARE EQUAL TO DEALER

    if single hand:
        You win if:
            - dealer busts AND you don't
            - your sum is greater than dealer's AND you don't bust

        You lose if:
            - you bust
            - your sum is less than dealer's AND dealer doesn't bust


Conceptual questions:
    - Use of global variables
    - What should go within a function, what should stay out?

Notable Rules:
    - No double after split
    - No surrender

possible results of a split:
    - both bust
    - one busts, one loses to dealer
    - both lose to dealer
    - one busts, one beats dealer
    - both beat dealer




There will be a dealer and a single user.
At each decision point in the game, the user will be asked to input their choice of these, depending on the hand:
    - Stand
    - Hit
    - Split
    - Double

Questions:
    How much money to start with?
        1000
    Does the user play for a set number of rounds? Or can they leave the table at any time?
        Leave at any time
    Can the user surrender?
        No
    One deck or two?
        One deck
    How often to shuffle?
        Each round
    

Crucial Logic:
    Must have a list of cards in a deck (or two). Remove them as they get drawn.
    After each round, display current points and round number.

Steps:
Begin with a set amount of money/points.
Player places bet (must be < current points)
Dealer draws a random card for the user, one for himself (which is shown), another for the user, and another for himself (which is hidden).
Player inputs their choice.
If their total is not over 21, player inputs their choice again.
When the player's turn is over, the dealer reveals his second card. If total is under 17, must hit.



What I would like to display to the terminal:

Welcome to the Blackjack table!
You will start with 1000 points.
You can leave the table and take your winnings (or cut your losses)

Type "leave" or place your bet for round 1: (user input)

You were dealt a (card 1) and a (card 2)
You can (options depending on hand). What's your move? (user input)

    (if hit and still under 21)
    You were dealt a (card 3).
    Your current hand is now a (card 1), a (card 2), and a (card 3).
    You can (options). What's your move?

    (if hit and equal 21)
    You were dealt a (card 3).
    Your current hand is now a (card 1), a (card 2), and a (card 3).
    You got blackjack!

    (if hit and over 21)
    You were dealt a (card 3).
    Your current hand is now a (card 1), a (card 2), and a (card 3).
    Bust!

The dealer got to 